Ethical Implications:
- For this assigned project, we are tasked with constructing a social media platform where users can create an account to make their own posts, and share them with other users. This opens the door to fostering interactions within the community, no matter how far apart people are.  When the project was assigned, the idea of creating a website where users could view each others’ posts emphasized the need for ensuring peoples’ ability to voice their opinions, as well as their artwork in the form of images. In order to do this, there must be ways to get peoples’ voices heard, preferably to large audiences so that they may be valued in society. This can be done through the construction of a web application that can showcase different stories and pictures from around the world in the form of posts. This leads to a focus in strengthening our ethical responsibilities of making sure user’s posts are shared with their audience. In order to complete this task, we learned how to build a framework for a website to house these aspects of a social media platform. Therefore, it is necessary to work on our professional responsibilities of making a website that is reliable, easy-to-use, and convenient for users to create and access other users’ posts. The impact of engineering these solutions on a global scale would be to connect different groups of people by their interests and culture. This would help communicate messages enclosed in posts at a faster rate of time, and in turn can even help boost the economy when it comes to guiding peoples’ financial decisions. Creating a social media platform may also help the environment, in cases where people bring awareness for preserving the natural state of ecosystems through posts with thoughtful messages, and images of wildlife and nature; these can be created and shared by the social media platform to spread the message among many. Overall, making a social media platform as a web application would help society progress, as well as make it more connected and help its members become more up to date.
